The internet is worldwide computer network that transmits a variety of data and media across interconnected devices.

Protocols of the internet

Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) Internet protocol that connects a server and a client. It enables application programs and computing devices to exchange messages over a network

Internet Protocol (IP) protocol by which data is sent from one computer to another on the internet.

User Datagram Protocol (UDP) protocol that is primarily used to establish low-latency and loss-tolerating connections between applications

Post office Protocol (POP) a type of computer networking and Internet standard protocol that extracts and retrieves email from a remote mail server

Simple mail transport Protocol (SMTP) protocol used in sending and receiving e-mail.

File Transfer Protocol (FTP) protocol used for the transfer of computer files from a server to a client in a computer network

Hyper Text Transfer Protocol (HTTP) protocol for distributed, collaborative, hypermedia information systems where resources are exchanged between client devices and servers over the internet

Hyper Text Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) a secure version of HTTP which is the primary protocol used to send data between a web browser and a website

INTERNET ADDRESSING MODE

Immediate Addressing Mode an instruction format that directly includes the data to be acted on as part of the instruction. 

Register Addressing Mode the operand is placed in one of 8 bit or 16 bit general purpose registers

Direct Addressing Mode the address field in the instruction contains the effective address of the operand and no intermediate memory access is required.

Register Indirect Addressing Mode the data to be operated is available inside a memory location and that memory location is indirectly specified by a register pair

Implied/Implicit Addressing Mode does not specify an effective address explicitly for either the destination or the source, or both sometimes.

TYPES OF SERVERS

File servers store and distribute files

Print servers allow for the management and distribution of printing functionality

Proxy servers connect between a client and an external server.

Gaming servers connect gamers around the world to external servers for access to a game. Any online gaming community such as Xbox Live or Playstation Network are these types of servers.

Web servers hold website files and are responsible for displaying websites in a browser. Everytime you go to a new website page a web server is responsible for making that happen.

Application Servers share the territory between database servers and end users.
